add additional guidance regarding instance sizes (#408)
EventStore/documentation: docs/cloud/provision/cloud-instance-guidance/README.md

The **Working Set** is the number of streams being read from and written to concurrently. It's essential to recognise that writing one million events into one million streams is a very different scenario than writing one million events into a single stream.

### Performance vs self hosted

> If you're doing load tests to compare Event Store Cloud EventStoreDB clusters to self-hosted ones, you need to consider the following things. The results may differ even if you're using similar instance sizes.

Reviewer: What if everything under `Performance vs self hosted` was reduced to this:

```
Event Store Cloud uses [ZFS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ZFS) to ensure filesystem integrity/safety as well as block-level compression. This minimizes IOPs and lowers storage costs for hosted data at the cost of additional CPU and memory usage.

Keep this in mind if you're attempting to compare the performance of Event Store Cloud EventStoreDB clusters to ones which are self-hosted.
```

(This is non-blocking though btw)

Event Store Cloud uses [ZFS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ZFS) to ensure filesystem integrity/safety as well as block-level compression. Thanks to that, we're minimizing IOPs and lower storage costs for hosted data.

ZFS requires additional CPU and memory to provide these capabilities. To get the relevant comparison, you should use a similar configuration on the self-hosted environment.

### Micro (F1) instance sizes
F1 instance size is designed for a low-cost development environment. We recommend using it for the experiments like Proof of Concept or extremely low workload like 10-100 events a day per database (cluster). F1 instances are using a burstable CPU class to enable this goal across all supported public clouds.

Due to the burstable CPU class, CPU shares are limited, this results in the following implications:

> - EventStoreDB runs on the .Net runtime (managed) which requires CPU time for garbage collection operations. If CPU shares are not available and allocations are increasing this may result in client timeouts to the cluster, or an OOM condition.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- EventStoreDB runs on the .NET managed runtime which requires CPU time for garbage collection operations. If CPU shares are not available and allocations are increasing this may result in client timeouts to the cluster or an out of memory condition.
```

> - EventStoreDB runs on the .NET managed runtime which requires CPU time for garbage collection operations. If CPU shares are not available and allocations are increasing this may result in client timeouts to the cluster or an out of memory condition.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- If CPU shares are not available and allocations are increasing this may result in client timeouts to the cluster or an out of memory condition.
```
Not only .net runtime, there are other porcesses running on the machine as well.

Reviewer 4: looks good

> - CPU shares are required to maintain the cluster state topology via constant gossip message propagation. CPU shares are utilized to maintain cluster state even when the cluster is not under load.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- CPU shares are required to maintain the cluster state topology via constant gossip message propagation. It means that the cluster needs CPU shares to maintain cluster state even when it's is not under load.
```

- EventStoreDB requires CPU cycles to maintain indexes, and for other maintenance processes. Underpopulated or underloaded databases (such as demo or development setups) require little CPU time and overperform compared to fully populated systems with consistent throughput. Expect performance to level off as workloads increase.

> - If continuous load is applied it may be possible to exhaust the allowed CPU shares per time cycle, resulting in client timeouts or OOM conditions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If a continuous load is applied it may be possible to exhaust the allowed CPU shares per time cycle, resulting in client timeouts or out of memory conditions.
```

The **Working Set** is the number of streams being read from and written to concurrently. It's essential to recognise that writing one million events into one million streams is a very different scenario than writing one million events into a single stream.

> ### Performance vs self hosted

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
### Performance vs self hosted and/or development setups
```

ZFS requires additional CPU and memory to provide these capabilities, as such a self hosted comparison should utilize a similar configuration, in order to provide a relevant comparison.

### Micro (F1) instance sizes

This rating is meant to enable a low cost point of entry for developers experimenting with Event Store Cloud, and to satisfy the use case of some customers that require multi-tenancy and whose application presents an extremely low volume workload (10-100) events a day per database (cluster). This size utilizes a burstable CPU class, which is how we achieve this goal across all supported public clouds.

Due to the burstable CPU class, CPU shares are limited, this results in the following implications:

- EventStoreDB runs on the .Net runtime (managed) this means CPU time is required for garbage collection operations, if the shares are not available and allocations are increasing this may result in client timeouts to the cluster, or an OOM condition.
- CPU shares are required to maintain the cluster state topology via constant gossip message propagation. CPU shares are utilized to maintain cluster state even when the cluster is not under load.

> - EventStoreDB requires CPU cycles to maintain indexes, and for other maintenance processes, this means that performance may appear to degrade over time with growth of the database.

Reviewer 4: EventStoreDB requires CPU cycles to maintain indexes, and for other maintenance processes. Our guidelines are based on fully populated systems with consistent throughput and the requisite CPU workload required to maintain them. Underpopulated or underloaded or systems (such as demo or development setups) will overperform compared to these guidelines. This sometimes creates incorrect expectations that do not match the results of performance/load tests on more fully populated systems.

Reviewer: I believe I've updated the wording to reflect this.
